---
layout: post
title: Back again!
subtitle: How long has it been?
tags: update
---

Where do I begin?

The last time I posted an update on my website was towards the end of August. Quite a few things have happened since then.

Okay, that was an understatement.

I'll be blunt. My mental health had taken quite a beating. There were stretches of time during which I was just lurching forward, one step at a time.

Yet, despite that, I've also been able to grab hold of many positives. I've been able to enjoy an excellent weekend stay in Fukuoka for the first time in three years. Not only did I get a student into the annual Nagasaki English Speech Contest for the fifth year in a row, but she also managed to finish in joint second place. I contributed something to the Nagasaki Prefecture 2022 Skill Development Conference. My three best friends sprung a birthday celebration after a Saturday work event.

Oh, and Lumafusion is finally available on Android-powered devices running Android 10 and newer. That's a big deal.

It might be because I've been here in Nagasaki for over four years. When I accepted the opportunity to move to Japan back in 2018, I only intended to stay for a maximum of three years. Unfortunately, COVID happened, and I found myself extending my contract beyond that as there were difficulties getting new ALTs into the country.

It was only natural that I would burn myself out. Switching schools at the end of my second year helped a bit, and I still find joy in teaching at my current elementary schools. However, I now crave something fresh.

I don't know if that'll be somewhere else in Japan or back home in Naarm. The latter looks more likely, but regardless of what happens by the end of July 2023, it'll be a new start.

